DOCS-9575 adding info on tokenization/masking. (#55)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/tokenization-formats.adoc

|*Lax lowercase/decimal - Preserving* 
|Lowercase Latin characters in the clear­text remain lowercase Latin in the obfuscated­ text. Decimal digits in the clear­text remain decimal digits in the obfuscated­ text. All other characters are handled as lax characters. Preserve first and last "n" characters.

|*Masking*

> |Replaces characters with a specified masking character, for example `#. The input is all printable ASCII characters. Printable ASCII characters in the optional *Ignore Characters* configurable field are ignored. The character specified in the *Masking Character* configurable option is used to mask character identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Replaces characters with a specified masking character, for example `#`. The input is all printable ASCII characters. Printable ASCII characters in the optional *Ignore Characters* configurable field are ignored. The character specified in the *Masking Character* configurable option is used to mask character identities.
```

Reviewer: Shouldn't the details for "all printable ASCII characters" go into the Masking Character description?

Author: Fixed the typo.

Author: > Shouldn't the details for "all printable ASCII characters" go into the Masking Character description?

I think this sentence describes input to the Masking domain, while Ignore Characters and Masking Character are filters on that input. If I were to rewrite this topic, I would combine this information into one place.

|*Force token characters in illegal range* 
a|For example, if you have the CCN `1234567890123456` and you set the *Preserve characters* option to preserve the last four digits, then force an invalid one digit with an offset of two from left, the generated token would look similar to: `54D3210987653456`.

> A decimal digit is be mapped into the Latin alphabet character range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A decimal digit is mapped to the Latin alphabet-character range.
```

Author: FIxed!

|*Preserve serial number sub-component* 
|This option is for the social security data domain only.
|Social security number

|*Ignore characters*

> |Used by the masking domain to specify which characters are not masked. For example, if `Ignore characters` is set to `-` and the masking character is set to `\#`, masking applied to the number `123-45-6789` returns `\##\##-\##\#-####`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Used by the masking domain to specify which characters are not masked. For example, if *Ignore characters* is set to `-` and the masking character is set to `\#`, masking applied to the number `123-45-6789` returns `\##\##-\##\#-####`.
```

Reviewer: Is it Ignore Characters (note capitalization) as mentioned in Masking?

Author: Thanks! Fixed!

|Masking

> |*Masking character*

Reviewer: Is it Masking Character as mentioned in Masking?

Author: Fixed.

|*Preserve serial number sub-component* 
|This option is for the social security data domain only.
|Social security number

|*Masking character*

> |This option

Reviewer 2: Was this sentence cut off? All I see is "This option"

Author: Yes, I needed the info on the Data Domain which you provided in Slack. I'll update now.
